My ambition was tremendous.
I wanted to make something sacred,
A film that gives LSD hallucinations
- without taking LSD.
to change the young
minds of all the world.
Michel Seydoux say to me,
"I want to make a new picture with you."
"What do you want to do?"
I say "Dune!"
And he say, "Yes."
It was the most beautiful sci-fi book.
It was the bible of science fiction,
a worldwide publishing success.
I didn't read Dune.
But I have a friend who say me it was fantastic.
3,000 drawings.
I shoot the picture: point of view,
movement of the camera, dialogue.
Designing the spaceships, the clothes,
the whole look of his world.
The castle opens the mouth
and the spaceship came in the tongue.
His vision was so huge, so beyond what
anyone else was doing at that time.
Things that George Lucas wasn't even
going to try in Star Wars. Its enormous.
Alejandro genius was finding the right people.
David Carradine.
Mick Jagger.
Dali as the mad emperor
of the galaxy.
Dali say can I have a burning giraffe.
Alright we'll have a burning giraffe.
Orson Welles.
He say, "I don't want to do it."
I say "If you do the picture,"
"I will hire the chef of this restaurant
and you will eat, as here, everyday."
And he say, "I do it."
H.R. Giger had never done movies.
I say to Giger,
"I need you as you are."
Alejandro really motivated you.
It was wonderful!
"We will change the world!"
People did not do this film as
they were afraid of his imagination.
This is a movie that has its fingerprints
all over so many other movies: Blade Runner,
William Gibson, Matrix.
Giger. He make the monster of Alien.
And Hollywood starts to use my group.
It always leads back to Jodorowsky.
Could be fantastic, no?